Deno ci check (#511)
OpenZeppelin/contracts-wizard: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install)

> If you want to run the local API server for the AI Assistant, you also need to install [Deno](https://github.com/denoland/deno?tab=readme-ov-file#installation).
> Note that using the shell installation method is recommended (the `upgrade` command that allows you to install a specific Deno version, is not always available when installing Deno with other installers). 
> Netlify environment for Deno is v1.46.3, to install this version run `deno upgrade --version 1.46.3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run the local API server for the AI Assistant, you also need to install [Deno](https://github.com/denoland/deno?tab=readme-ov-file#installation).  
Note that using the shell installation method is recommended (the `upgrade` command, which allows you to install a specific Deno version, is not always available when installing Deno with other installers).  
To install the version of Deno that matches the Netlify deploy environment, run `deno upgrade --version 1.46.3`.
```
